---
layout: post
title: "Find TTC" 
date:   2013-05-09 18:51:12
categories: projects
post: true
published: true
---

One of my favourite things about being a developer is learning new
stuff.  I've actually put some thought into it and if learning wasn't
such a big part of being a developer I would go fucking nuts and quit. Fuck that
shit.

So with this in mind, about 6 months ago, in the middle of a big
backbone.js project at my day job, I decided that I would build myself
my own transit finder with the following 2 requirements

<ol>
  <li>No database</li>
  <li>Initial version in 6 hours or less.</li>
</ol>

So one saturday I was bored and thought fuck it, I'll build the fucker
now.

So I did, and I nailed my 2 requirements (which was pretty easy since
there were only 2).  

**This right here is one of my favourite methods of learning. **

<ol>
<li>Pick a problem that affects me (I take the ttc everyday, yes
    there are other transit apps in Toronto but I didn't fucking build any
    of them, and either you have to pay for the current ones or they kinda
    suck)</li>
  <li>Make your first version something that is achievable (because you want to feel the glory of success, trust me.)</li>
  <li>Actually use the fucking thing and make it better (I still use <a href="http://findttc.com">Find TTC</a> every damn day), and I have plans on doing a major new version of it!</li>
</ol>

That's it, there's no secret to this stuff, no magic, no hidden gems.
Sorry, you gotta want to do it, that's really all there is.

NOW WITH THE CODE

<ul>
  <li><a href="http://github.com/jonezy/findttc">Find TTC on
Github</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://findttc.com">FindTTC.com</a></li>
</ul>

Please feel free to look at that code and fork it and make it better, or
you could just troll me about how I used bootstrap and the UX sucks,
that's fine too.
